Traffic Jam
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig are
making lunch for Peppa and her family.
I've dug up some more potatoes.
Oh, Grandpa.
We're already got
plenty of potatoes.
You can never have
too many potatoes.
Ok, But get the potatoes
in the oven,
The others will be here soon.
Hoho, we've plenty of time.
It's only eleven o'clock.
Peppa and herfamily
are on their way.
I wish we'd set off sooner.
We're going to be late again.
Don't worry. Mummy Pig.
We've still got loads of time.
We're always late when we
go to Granny and Grandpa's.
Not this time.
I've found a new way,
that avoids all the traffic.
Oh, I wasn't expecting that.
Peppa and herfamily
are stuck in a traffic Jam.
Look, there's Danny Dog
and Granddad Dog.
Danny Dog and Granddad Dog
are in the traffic jam, too.
Hello, Peppa.
We're going to my Granny
and Grandpa's for lunch.
We're going to be late.
It's one o'clock.
They're late as usual.
How are your potatoes doing?
Er. They still need
a bit more cooking.
Granny Pig speaking.
Hello, Granny Pig.
We're stuck in a traffic jam.
Don't worry,
we're running late, too.
Grandpa's gone over
the top with potatoes.
See you in a bit.
The poor dears are
stuck in a traffic jam.
Sounds like I've got time to
get a few more potatoes.
Grandpa Pig!
We're moving so slowly.
We'll neverget to
Granny and grandpa's.
Peppa's right.
We have to try
a different way.
But there aren't
any other main roads.
I know a shortcut.
Bye bye, everyone!
We're taking a shortcut.
Bye bye, Peppa.
Good luck!
Mummy Pig is taking a shortcut
to get ahead of the traffic.
The shortcut is very bumpy.
This is fun.
Are you sure about this?
Trust me.
Hello, ducks.
We're taking a shortcut.
Look! There's the main road again.
Well done! Mummy Pig.
But we've still
behind Danny's lorry.
Hello, welcome back!
Oh, dear!
Mummy Pig's shortcut
has not worked very well.
Good! Lunch is ready.
And most important of all:
The potatoes are done!
Lunch is ready.
But Peppa and herfamily
are still not here.
Grandpa Pig speaking.
We're almost at your house.
But the traffic is still moving
at the speed of a snail.
A very, very slow snail.
They're almost here.
But they're still
in the traffic jam.
Poordears.
The food is going to get cold.
I've got an idea.
I'll get my wheelbarrow.
What is Grandpa Pig doing?
Granny Pig!
Load the lunch
into the wheelbarrow.
Aye, aye, Grandpa Pig.
If they can't come to the lunch.
We have to take the lunch to them.
Look! There's Granny and Grandpa
with our lunch in a wheelbarrow.
Ahoy, there!
Lunch is served.
Is there enough for Danny and
Granddad Dog to have some, too?
We've got enough foreveryone.
Hooray! Potatoes.
Good job!
You did lots and
lots of potatoes, Grandpa.
You can never have
too many potatoes.